So wrote a one paying 10 1 1 2 that works right a one can ping it to write it one has a static route.
In this case it's a default route sending all traffic to route to.
Ken road a one paying 8 1 1 2 3.
The pings are coming out on Route 3 show IP route shows us that the router doesn't have any routing
enabled it doesn't have a static route.
All it knows about is this network.
So de-bug IP ICMP to that ping again on Brodeur's 3 we can see that the traffic is arriving.
So router 3 is receiving the pings from Route 1 but it's receiving them from 10 1 1 1.
So Rodda 3 is trying to reply back to the ICMP echo message using this source 8 dot wondered one or
two going to 10 1 1 1 but the router doesn't have a route back and we can see that by doing debug IP
packet we can see that the packets are unreadable rodef 3 doesn't know how to send the traffic back
to Route 1.
So let's configure dynamic knocked on Rodek to allow both router and wrote a one to send traffic to
rotatory.
So show run pipe including that at the moment no net has been configured.
The first thing I mean to do is go on to the fast isa net zero wanting to face and make that to the
outside interface so this interface is now deemed to be outside from the routers point of view going
to foster and it's 0 0 IP that insight.
So those commands are very similar to static not what we need to do now however is specify a pool and
an access list.
So we'll start with the access list so access list one permit and who are we going to allow to be netted
in this example I'll allow anyone in the 10 1 1 0 network so anyone in this network will be permitted
were allowed to have their addresses translated so that will affect route one and wrote.
Now I can use the common IP Nat and rather than choosing static I'm going to use the option pool to
define a pool of addresses and then we need to create a name.
So I'm just going to call this Nat Poole what's going to be the first IP address in the pool.
So I need to specify a range of IP addresses on the scene to face some going to say 8 1 1 5 2 8 1 1
10.
And then I need to specify the network mask so the network mosque will be a slash 24 in our example
and loosely I need to specify IP net inside source list access list one which we created is determining
who's going to be nattered who's going to be allowed to be netted and we are going to net them to a
pool of addresses which we called that Poole to show run type include and that will allow me to see
the commands that I configure.
We specified that inside and outside interfaces which should be on these two interfaces.
We created a pool of addresses this net command is allowing anyone in access list one.
So anyone in this range based on that entry to be netted to an address in the pool and the pool contains
these addresses five to 10.
So I've added six addresses to the pool.
So de-bug IP not to allow us to see things in real time Radu one wasn't able to ping rotisserie previously.
Let's see if it works now.
Notice after a while it started working and we can see that this addressed 10 1 on 1 was translated
to 8 1 1 5 for traffic going to 8 1 1 2 so we can see traffic's being netted and then the reply came
back.
These pink timeouts are probably due to the OP taking place between rodded 2 and rotisserie.
So they on the third attempt the reply came back.
So 8 1 1 5 was translated to 10 1 1 1 and that continues.
Ken Rotto for Ping 8 1 1 2
seat that's taking place pings start succeeding in the output we can see that 10 1 1 4 was translated
to the second address in the pool 8 1 1 6 4 traffic going to 8 1 1 2.
That means that both wrote a one and wrote a form can send traffic to 3 and Rodda to will dynamically
do the net between the addresses.
So this is brought a for he has Rodek to being netted show IP net translation.
Now in this example every ping is going to get a new dynamic not increased so to keep it simple I'm
going to use telnet.
So all the enabled of Etowah lines on router 3
and all telnet to router 3 from out of 1 and I'll do that from Radio 4 as well.
On a TV show Oppy net translation we can see the dynamic and net increase created for those two hosts
accessing Rato 3.
You can see that the Sadrist 10 1 1 1 was netted 2 8 1 1 5 and 10 1 1 4 2 2 8 1 1 6.
And then the actual traffic for that telnet session is shown as a dynamic net entry here with a Portlanders.
If we exit out of both of those telnet sessions
after a period of time these dynamic entries will disappear.
I can remove them by typing clay IP.
NET translation store.
So at the moment notice there are no net translations.
As soon as I sent traffic a translation is Karaite it for that host entry.
If I leave it long enough those net translations will time out and be removed.
That's very different to a static net translation where the static net translation stays permanently
in the net table.